README.md, before:

# MaX Pondus
Ever dreamed to have maximum performance with maximum weights?

Worry no more, MaX Pondus is here!

## Structure
This monorepo is split into backend and frontend projects.

Both projects and their usage instructions can be found under the corresponding folders.

## Features
This section contains an abstract list of the service features.

Note that currently all features are still TODOs as the application is currently under brainstorming.

### User Management
- Authentication uses a simple HTTP Basic authentication.
- User roles are split into a normal and administrator roles.
- Administrators may add new users and modify or delete existing users.
- Administrators may also act as normal users.


## Entities
This section contains information about the application entities and their relationships.

![alt text](https://github.com/toivjon/max-pondus/blob/main/documentation/entities.png "Entities")

## Schema
This section contains information about the application database schema.

TODO

## TODO
This section contains a list of features waiting for implementation.

- Muscle catalog.
- Exercise catalog.
- Personal programs.
- Personal history.
- Personal progress.
- A support to correct old results.
- A support for supersets.
- A support for drop sets.
- Clock.
- Notes per workout.
- Show related muscles per exercise.
- Wild feature: Exercise experience points.
- Wild feature: Exercise scalar based on the hardness.
- Wild feature: Challenge weeks.
- Wild feature: Automatical suggestion to raise weights when progressed enough.

Commit message:

Added the Exercises subsection under the Feature list in the README.md.

README.md, after:

# MaX Pondus
Ever dreamed to have maximum performance with maximum weights?

Worry no more, MaX Pondus is here!

## Structure
This monorepo is split into backend and frontend projects.

Both projects and their usage instructions can be found under the corresponding folders.

## Features
This section contains an abstract list of the service features.

Note that currently all features are still TODOs as the application is currently under brainstorming.

### User Management
- Authentication uses a simple HTTP Basic authentication.
- User roles are split into a normal and administrator roles.
- Administrators may add new users and modify or delete existing users.
- Administrators may also act as normal users.

### Exercises
- Mechanics can be classified into isolated and compound exercises.
- Exercises contain at least name and instructions.
- Exercises may contain additional links e.g. links to videos or additional information.
- Exercises may contain a list of the target and synergist muscles.
- Muscle and muscle group catalog is provided by the service.
- Administrators may add new exercises and modify or delete existing exercises.

### Workouts
TODO

### Programs
TODO

## Entities
This section contains information about the application entities and their relationships.

![alt text](https://github.com/toivjon/max-pondus/blob/main/documentation/entities.png "Entities")

## Schema
This section contains information about the application database schema.

TODO

## TODO
This section contains a list of features waiting for implementation.

- Personal programs.
- Personal history.
- Personal progress.
- A support to correct old results.
- A support for supersets.
- A support for drop sets.
- Clock.
- Notes per workout.
- Wild feature: Exercise experience points.
- Wild feature: Exercise scalar based on the hardness.
- Wild feature: Challenge weeks.
- Wild feature: Automatical suggestion to raise weights when progressed enough.
- Workout notes
- Workout start and end times
- Workout set start and end times
- Workout set notes
- Rest duration between sets.
- Supersets
- Drop sets
